[Dramatic 1930s Orchestral Music]
Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men?
The Shadow knows!
[Maniacal Laughter]
[Dramatic 1930s Orchestral Music]
The Shadow, mysterious character who aids the forces of law and order,
is in reality Lamont Cranston, wealthy young man of outstanding talent.
As the shadow, Cranston is gifted with hypnotic power to cloud men's minds
so that they cannot see him. Cranston's friend and companion,
the lovely Margo Lane, is the only person who knows to whom the voice of the
invisible Shadow belongs. Today's story: The Voice of Death.
[Eerie Music]
Sam.
Yes, Annie?
You almost finished reading your paper?
Yes, Annie.
Time to go to bed, ain't it?
Better make sure all the
windows are shut. Sounds like a real mean storm
coming up.
Yes, Annie.
[Sound of a strong wind with meowing in background]
Sam.
Yes, Annie.
Did you hear
that?
What?
You hear it?
Sounded just
like little kittens.
Yeah. Well, I
wonder where they come from.
Well, they're poor things, outdoors on a night like this.
Sam, will you go out and
find them? Go on, will you?
Now, Annie, you don't...
Just listen to them little critters. Ain't you got no heart, Sam?
Oh, all right.
Where's my raincoat now?
Oh, here you are.
I'll set up a little box for them by the fire.
All right, all right. Now stop your crying, kittens. I'm coming.
Just wait. I'll heat up a bit of milk, too.
Here kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty!!!
Do you see them, Sam?
No, not yet ...  Here, kitty, kitty, kitty!  Annie, how do you ... ?
[Sounds of dogs madly growling and tearing something apart]
Sam, what's wrong? What in the name of all this fooling?
Sam! Sam, what is it? Sam, what happened?
[Sounds of dogs madly growling]
Sam, blood. You're all covered with blood.
[Another man murmurs something inaudible quietly]
Sam, how could kittens do... Sam! He's dead.
[Dramatic music]